hello my name is Laura welcome to my
youtube channel where I'm going to teach
you how to cook healthy in some
authentic and traditional Mexican
recipes like the mullet that we're going
to make today so come over so I can show
you what dunia what is going to take
longer in this recipe is the chicken so
I'm going to teach you how we cook the
chicken well we may call this a tamale
okay so this is my chicken I took off
all the skin and try to take as much fat
away as I can that's very important for
my recipes because remember that my
recipes are special to lose weight to
keep healthy so let's put this in
boiling water and have three pieces of
chicken over here and we are going to
add some condiments so you can have a
lot of flavor let's add about a spoon of
salt I'm also going to add two garlic
cloves and some cilantro and a piece of
fun and that's going to help us to give
it more flavor to the chicken while you
cook it and over here I have the stars
of this recipe the chilies in we're
gonna need a few kind of chilies so yeah
I'm gonna show you which ones you need
chili mulato you need chili pasilla you
also will need some chili Morita and
chili passado or Chile ancho so now what
we need is to take off the tails of all
the chilies
get rid of the tails it doesn't matter
if you keep the seeds
we're going to get rid of the seeds
later so just take up the dates
we're going to put our Chile's in a pan
or whatever you have because we need
them not to get cook just to get a
little toast that's going to help us to
get some assets out of the chili that is
gonna give it a better taste so every
time that you're making a salsa with
dried chilies you can make this and you
will see a big difference in your sauce
just make sure that you don't burn the
chilies you just want to toast them
because if you borrow them they're gonna
have a funny taste so be careful with
that you just want to toss them like
four it's like we're a minnow just
change the side of the chili and that's
going to be ready you can feel it by the
smell and now I'm gonna turn off the
fire and also here I have some boiling
water and I also turn off the turn off
the fire because we're going to put our
chilies here and you don't want to cook
them what you want to do is to soak them
in hot water so they can release all the
inside we need to make this chili soft
I'm going to add two tomatoes to this
mix also so they can get so warm up in
there I'm going to leave everything
there for about five minutes after five
minutes my chilies are ready and now I'm
going to put it in the blender with the
tomatoes too from the same water I'm
going to add about can be like about a
cup of water we're gonna add some salt
and let's blend it
boo barely close
people this is Mel's great now we're
going to put it in here and all that we
want is to get rid of all the chilly
skin and the tomato skin and the garlic
skin and all that we only want the
juices so now let's push it with a spoon
so we can good all the sauce down there
okay now I have all the chili skin on
top and we don't need this so we're
going to get rid of that and we got all
the salsa from here on the sauce and the
next step we're going to add all the
condiments and the flavor so let's put
our chili back into the blender and now
we're going to add some cocoa this is 1
1 spoon of cocoa and we're going to add
some raisins I also got some cinnamon
clove and marjoram in every place in
Mexico has a different way of cooking
moly
I'm from the north of Mexico and we add
some banana to the Molech and you just
give a great taste tamale so I'm going
to add half of a banana and we also
going to add about a spoon of sugar
substitute or you can use brown sugar a
little salt and let's blend again hmmm
delicious but it's actually pretty spicy
making our spicy
if yours come out spicy just add more
tomato until you can like you can eat
that spicy the spicy you like I'm going
to add just a little more sugar just
taste it and see what do you feel like
like I like sweet Molly there is people
who likes better like salty Molly so you
check check the flavor and just correct
I'm going to add a little more salt
blend it again
you
and now I'm gonna put it in a pot and
I'm gonna let it boil so we can get all
the flavors together I put my Molly over
here I'm gonna let it boil and I'm gonna
add some chicken soup so I have my
chicken over here and I'm going to take
this soup from where it is boiling look
check it out there's some bubbles coming
out from that that's going to help us to
get the the chicken soup with the less
quantity off of fat I'm just going to
put it in the blender and that's going
to help me to take off the Molly that is
still in there and it's put it in here
and let's let it boil for about 5 to 10
minutes just to get all the flavors
together I have some system assets in
here and they see semi seeds goes on top
of the Molly and it just gives more
flavor and also it looks pretty cute on
top so I'm just going to toss them all
you need to do is to toast and just for
a few seconds look they are jumping
already so that's the time to take them
off the chicken is ready as well as a
Molly
so now we're just going to put
everything together I have some rice and
some corn to have with this recipe we're
going to add our Molly sauce on top of
the chicken perfect and now we took need
a little pinch of season ease let's add
some sesame seeds on top and we are all
set to have a wonderful lunch so this
recipe was especially made for Robert
who wrote us asking us for some real
Molly so this is how we make Molly this
is the easy way in the healthy way
remember that all the ingredients are
added are blocked you just have to bring
them out of our block and please write
us follow us on Facebook at La Casita
sell our watch my other recipes and
subscribe over here to my youtube
channel and I see you soon with more
healthy recipes here and Mikasa